torn between two lovers we're gonna find
out who knows Jimmy Kimmel better his
girlfriend a Sarah Silverman or his
boyfriend Adam Carolla now I'll ask a
personal question about Jimmy Sarah and
Adam will answer it and Jimmy will tell
us got it right throughout the first
question what was Jimmy's childhood
dog's name
Jimmy's childhood dog's name they are
writing okay they have their answers and
Sarah could we have your answer please
fluffy that is absolutely right fluffy
now wait a minute
happy oh my god that's it that's a
1-run there I guess I guess you know
right off the bat well let's move on to
question my high school was fluffer by
the way subtle subtle different how dare
you how dare you okay now see how well
you do on this one contestants where
specifically did Jimmy lose his
virginity
oh boy Oh my mother doesn't have cable
specifically virginity oh my goodness
okay time is up our contestants have
their answer Sarah could we have your
answer please in a car in a parking lot
of Miller's output all right well let's
see what an atom van and Adam
your answer first first bunch of junk
but wait a minute you see the bottom
parking lot Vegas hotel is absolutely
Continental Hotel yeah - so Adam good
yeah
right now one Sarah - Adam here is
question number three what is Jimmy's
waist size Jimmy's waist size and feet
four inches in millimeters Ashley inches
will do my feets okay - Adams done Sarah
still riding and she's got her into a
Sarah your answer please same as his
penis 36 inches whoa
that is absolutely correct that is my
Wayside hot this is I know it to be 40
but Jimmy will say yeah okay they both -
I'm surprised and I am always knows okay
I ain't surprised and touch how many
questions we have left - left here's
number four score now Sarah - Adam three
after waiting for a parking space
someone cut in front of Jimmy what did
he do
and bonus question oh oh
who was with him at the time
it was cut off but danijon was with him
and Sarah your answer please right now
he's super glued the keyhole of the car
door and it was me Katie and Kevin who
was with them yes that is true
that's nothing but he's a what no that
is correct also I've done both of those
things with my mom and dad I out of
somebody's tires and super glued
somebody's keyhole of their cars on both
oh my goodness Wow well you can't take
so much spot when they're wait I just
evidently not this competition is too
much here is question number five
Jimmy's may I say this Jimmy's penis is
blank inches long we answered that
earlier flaccid erect red erect and this
will be in blank inches when have you
seen it flaccid and again time has run
out Sarah we need your answer right now
not fair for Adam because he has to look
behind him
all right all right Sara nine inches but
that's measuring from the base of his
balls okay we've got a Niner and Adam
your answer seven and a half inches I
think Adam is a little little closer to
correct it's a little piece of that yeah
four inches yeah all right well Jimmy
who is the winner it looks like Adam
loves me more than Sarah the one would
you please embrace the point of it take
a walk people now interview everyone 60
minutes at the relax in apartment hotel
at the corner of La Brea in Santa City
the relax in where the customer always
comes first that's really nice and that
was torn between two lovers we'll be
right back with more too late with Adam
Corolla after their discomfort